finally lead to Apple take one what's up
guys it is Disney bound week on
thingamavlogs and I'm giving you a
little bit of a behind-the-scenes look
at our new Disney bound shower show on
awesomeness TV so you'll get to see how
it works you see how these contestants
who are very very lovely will be picking
out their outfits and I will be the
judge on with Sarah and Tracy back there
it's gonna be a ton of fun so here we go
they're dressing the set get it that's a
pun what's up guys I may see Kate's my
channel is may see Kate music my
favorite Disney movie would have to be
frozen zoom on here oh my god are you
blogging creeping in a vlog do this
please go down probably mr. toad I think
you're right mr. toad isn't very likely
but or where's caller Horace Herman
she's my favorite I really hope I get
gus-gus what's good good okay we covered
things in closed what are you can find
about me
are you feeling invested 50 bands right
I feel so good good then I'm gonna kill
it
I mean they already did judging is gonna
be very difficult
yeah look at this contestant sir how you
feeling huh your bum your mouth as you
can from the poundabout bounce bounce
bounce bounce did you get spin on psych
head Ariel we're fixing it right now oh
yes fellow good look great you mean
doing 60 yeah I'm gonna kill it feel
thank you nice and your Peter Pan hat
you know how we do I see someone over
here look over here so you're all the
way hidden you're getting ready I'm
getting ready for your moment
really yeah well you drew you drew you
wanted yes you got outside that feels
happy about that there's a good moment
it's almost cheating I you how much you
look like I mean I have the hair so
broken
all right we're we're about the judge
I'm gonna say okay it's judging time
let's see the office beginning a judge 1
to 5 whose get away from free criteria
come with me come with me I'd like you
to see something
I'm flying away like a boho edgy
Rapunzel whoa I can't deal with you
right now I can't even deal with it just
got a fresh new batch of contestants
time for round two we will show a bunch
episode same time you know how we do
right so it's been a long day
you enjoying that craft services
I don't know if you guys notice but
Leo's face is flawless look at this
beautiful ah I put powder on him these
guys you guys ready to rock and roll
no he's not ready you look good your
hook thank you
are you feeling they said without a good
you look good you look good especially
because you told me what are you doing
chasey are you doing my potty yeah good
get back to work get back to work things
I put up with blogger in her natural
environment I was secret logging you
will you Queen Hearts glued out of the
party I was particularly big kind of all
the level art oh oh yeah thank you how
did you enjoy the experience overall
yeah this is my necklace already had but
I had this key in my personal life
that's you know that's cheating right
that's it we just we just wrapped the
shoot everybody's going home it's just
the leftovers hear about the judges
judge the judges we're gonna stay here
just all right now we do the actual like
difficult and important which is our job
Oh
because we're the real talent oh so
that's it we just finished our shoot
that's a wrap the Disney bound challenge
is wrapped while season one of that
hopefully it's season two comes that's
right so when it comes out you guys
better be sure to watch it
comment subscribe it's gonna be like
share love what kind of doesn't what
like cast is abounding I'm like kind of
Peter prepping the title I'll
tore your folder whoa Disney best total
aerial mommy my my like hipster mermaid
going on with my plan forget the glasses
no wait no glasses hmm no sir just me
anyway how's that again Tracy thanks for
hanging out yeah thanks Jamie
dad things while they love you yeah yeah
yeah yeah shows those DBS and we'll see
you guys that switch thanks for watching
Disney bad week on thingamavlogs I guess